# CS4485 - Computer Science Project
## Course Description
This course is intended to complement theory and to provide an in-depth, hands-on experience in all aspects of a software development project. Students will work in teams on projects of interest to industry and will be involved in specifying the problem and its solution, designing and analyzing the solution, developing the software architecture, along with implementation and testing plans. The deliverables will include reports that document these steps as well as a final project report, including the challenges they faced, and a user manual of the developed system. Students will explore security issues of their project and its potential impact on society. Teams will also make presentations as well as demonstrate their software. Additionally, this course will cover topics related to computer science profession including ethics and professional responsibility, entrepreneurship, leadership, and project management.

## Team Project
We were assigned Keurig Dr Pepper as the sponsor for this semester long project. Our sponsor had hundreds of thousands of images which they are not able to use for meaningful information. We used machine learning to train a model that recognized products for our sponsor. The product was soft drinks and the many different unique brands and packaging they come in under the Keurig Dr Pepper brand. The problem is that our sponsor does not have the manpower to go through their pictures and gather meaningful information manually. Though this project, our sponsor now has a working prototype that demonstrates the viability of using machine learning to identify their products. In order to achieve this, we manually annotated a few hundred images to train our model. The benefits were worth the effort, though, as we managed to produce a model that can predict a product, and works well as a prototype for future projects in this space. Here is the github repository for it: https://github.com/JoseGRuiz/ToolsForCSProject 

In the repository are some tools that we used for the project. 
